1.
Question 1
What is the difference between traditional programming and Machine Learning?

1 / 1 point

Machine learning identifies complex activities such as golf, while traditional programming is better suited to simpler activities such as walking.


* In traditional programming, a programmer has to formulate or code rules manually, whereas, in Machine Learning, the algorithm automatically formulates the rules from the data.

Correct
Exactly! Machine learning algorithms build a model based on sample data, known as "training data", in order to make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to do so.

2.
Question 2
What do we call the process of telling the computer what the data represents (i.e. this data is for walking, this data is for running)?

1 / 1 point

Learning the Data


* Labelling the Data


Programming the Data


Categorizing the Data

Correct
Yes! Labeling typically takes a set of unlabeled data and augments each piece of it with informative tags.

3.
Question 3
What is a Dense layer?

1 / 1 point

* A layer of connected neurons


A layer of disconnected neurons


A single neuron


An amount of mass occupying a volume

Correct
Correct! In Keras, dense is used to define a layer of connected neurons.

4.
Question 4
How do you measure how good the current ‘guess’ is?

1 / 1 point

Figuring out if you win or lose


Training a neural network


* Using the Loss function

Correct
Absolutely!  An optimization problem seeks to minimize a loss function.

5.
Question 5
What does the optimizer do?

1 / 1 point

Measures how good the current guess is


* Generates a new and improved guess


Figures out how to efficiently compile your code


Decides to stop training a neural network

Correct
Nailed it! The optimizer figures out the next guess based on the loss function.

6.
Question 6
What is Convergence?

1 / 1 point

A programming API for AI


An analysis that corresponds too closely or exactly to a particular set of data.


* The process of getting very close to the correct answer


A dramatic increase in loss

Correct
That’s right! Convergence is when guesses get better and better closing to a 100% accuracy.

7.
Question 7
What does model.fit do?

1 / 1 point

It determines if your activity is good for your body


* It trains the neural network to fit one set of values to another


It makes a model fit available memory


It optimizes an existing model

Correct
Correct! The training takes place on the fit command.